
<Version: 1.01>

<End of Version>


<Version: 1.02>
data/Actors.json https://raw.githubusercontent.com/dotako/tower/main/Actors.json
data/Animations.json https://raw.githubusercontent.com/dotako/tower/main/Animations.json
data/Armors.json https://raw.githubusercontent.com/dotako/tower/main/Armors.json
data/Classes.json https://raw.githubusercontent.com/dotako/tower/main/Classes.json
data/CommonEvents.json https://raw.githubusercontent.com/dotako/tower/main/CommonEvents.json
data/Enemies.json https://raw.githubusercontent.com/dotako/tower/main/Enemies.json
data/Items.json https://raw.githubusercontent.com/dotako/tower/main/Items.json
data/Map051.json https://raw.githubusercontent.com/dotako/tower/main/Map051.json
data/Map052.json https://raw.githubusercontent.com/dotako/tower/main/Map052.json
data/Map053.json https://raw.githubusercontent.com/dotako/tower/main/Map053.json
data/Map061.json https://raw.githubusercontent.com/dotako/tower/main/Map061.json
data/Map066.json https://raw.githubusercontent.com/dotako/tower/main/Map066.json
data/Map067.json https://raw.githubusercontent.com/dotako/tower/main/Map067.json
data/MapInfos.json https://raw.githubusercontent.com/dotako/tower/main/MapInfos.json
data/Skills.json https://raw.githubusercontent.com/dotako/tower/main/Skills.json
data/States.json https://raw.githubusercontent.com/dotako/tower/main/States.json
data/System.json https://raw.githubusercontent.com/dotako/tower/main/System.json
data/Tilesets.json https://raw.githubusercontent.com/dotako/tower/main/Tilesets.json
data/Troops.json https://raw.githubusercontent.com/dotako/tower/main/Troops.json
data/Weapons.json https://raw.githubusercontent.com/dotako/tower/main/Weapons.json
<End of Version>

